paracompact + locally compact + connected implies exhaustible by compacts (#1215)
pi-base/data: theorems/T000698.md

---
uid: T000698
if:
  and:
  - P000023: true
  - P000105: true
  - P000036: true
then:
  P000018: true
refs:
  - mathse: 5028016
    name: Answer to "Connected, locally compact, paracompact Hausdorff space is exhaustible by compacts"
---

> In {{mathse:5028016}} it was shown that a {P36} locally Lindelöf {P105} space is {P18}, and {P23} implies locally Lindelöf.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Call a space *weakly locally Lindelöf* if every point has a neighborhood that is Lindelöf.

In {{mathse:5028016}} it is shown that a {P36} weakly locally Lindelöf {P105} space is {P18}, and {P23} implies weakly locally Lindelöf.
```
